Your paper is the only one I want to read
You are the only paper I want to read
You inspire me to make a breakthrough
I'm doing research: I got to know [insert random question: e.g. What's your favorite animal? What do you want do?
We should discuss our goals with this relationship, but let's start with the methodology.
I want to do a genetic algorithm with you.
We're statistically likely to enjoy ourselves together
What are the odds we could co-write a paper?
If I were an enzyme, I’d be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You must be the square root of negative 1 because there is no way that you can be real.
You look sweeter than 3.14.
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you’re supposed to share your hotness with me.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you are sodium fine.
I could really see myself periodically doing you on a table.
I know hundreds of Pi digits, but what I really want to know is the 7 digits of your phone number.
If I were a virus, I would infect you with my love.
You must be a fossil because I would love to date you.
If I could make my own periodic table then you would be number one.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium because I am in love with U.
If you go out with me, I promise I won’t take you for granite.
I bet you’re like calcium bicarbonate — if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you sure we haven’t had a class together before? I could have sworn that we had chemistry together.
You must be a red blood cell because you take the oxygen out of my lungs and bring it right to my heart.
Even the Kelvin scale could not possibly measure how hot I think you are.
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
You’re like an exothermic reaction, you spread your hotness everywhere.
I am a chemist. Do you want to let me experiment with you?
You can call me Bond, Covalent Bond.
I might be into physics, but I can assure you that I will never be a Bohr in the bedroom.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
You seem to be traveling at the speed of light because time always seems to stop when I look at you.
You’re hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
Do you want to help me prove that the Big Bang isn’t just a theory?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
You must be the acid to my litmus paper because every time I meet you I turn bright red.
You’re sweeter than fructose.
You raise my dopamine levels.
Let’s exchange genetic information.
Want to test the spring constant of my mattress?
If there was no gravity on this planet, I would still fall for you.
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
Scientists have recently discovered a rare new element called Beautium. It looks like you are made of it.
You are the HCl to my NaOH. With our sweet love we could make an ocean together.
Are you a compound of Beryllium and Barium? Because you’re a total BaBe.
Could you tell me the oxidation state of this atom and your phone number?
Hey baby, would a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
I wish your name was Avogadro, because then I would already know your number.
I didn’t plan on specializing, but you seem pretty special to me.
If I said you had a monoclonal antibody, would you hold it against me?
I’m a chemist. Give me a squeeze and see what kind of reaction you get.
What’s your sine?
I am a chemist. Want to get together and see the reaction?
You must be copper because I always CU in my dreams.
You are like an electron and I am like a proton. And they say that opposites attract.
You must have a charge because I am finding myself feeling very attracted to you.
Didn’t you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I would love to find your integral and get under those curves of yours.
To me, you’re hydrogen because you are my number 1.
I would love to stick to you like glu-cose.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
Are you into chemistry? Because I LAB you.
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You must have swallowed a magnet because I am so attracted to you right now.
Are you full of Beryllium, Gold and Titanium? Because you are Be-Au-Ti-Ful.
If you were an element, you’d be Francium, because you’re the most attractive.
How about we slip between my beta-pleated sheets and you get to know my alpha-helix?
You are so hot, you must be what is causing global warming.
Your angles must be less than 90 degrees, because I think that you are so acute.
I was wondering if you like science because I have had my ion you for some time.
My favorite attractive force is van der Waal’s force. Can you feel it? I’ll move closer if you can’t.
Your lab or mine?
Is it getting hot in here? Or is it just our bond forming?
You are hotter than magma.
Did you damage my cerebellum? Because I’m falling all over the place for you.
When I see you, I feel like I am going to reach my melting point.
I don’t know why, but my instinct is telling me that we Argon get together.
Let’s be lab partners together. Do you want me to put my stirring rod in your beaker?
Do you want to work with me to convert our potential energy into kinetic energy?
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Do you want to be my lab partner? I think we could have some great chemistry together.
Are you my appendix? Because I don’t understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
You must be from the cosmos because your body is heavenly.
Are you a non-volatile particle? Because you raise my boiling point.
You must be hydrogen because I am really feeling like there is a bond here.
I wish that I could rearrange the periodic table so that I could have Uranium and Iodine next to each other.
I would love to go into outer space so I can go and explore Uranus.
You must be the square root of two because I’m irrational around you.
You must have been born in an open cluster because you shine as if you were a young star.
Blood is red. Cyanosis is blue. I get tachycardia when I think of you.
I wish I was your coronary artery so that I could be wrapped around your heart.
If we were like chromosomes, you’d be my homologous pair.
Why don’t we go to my room and I can show you the exponential growth of my natural log.
You must be halite because you have perfect cleavage.
You must be mitochondria because you are the powerhouse of my heart.
Do you want to share some electrons? Maybe we could have a stable relationship.
I think that you just lost an electron because you are positively attractive.
You must be oxygen and neon because I think that you are the One for me.
You must be my appendix because this feeling in me wants to just take you out.
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you’ve got a NiCe AsS!
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
Your clothes look great on you, but they would look even better accelerating towards the floor at 9.8 m/s.
If you need thrusts with force, I’ve got the mass AND the acceleration.
I feel an attraction between the two of us that is more than just our physical gravitation.
You and I have such great chemistry together, let’s try to do some biology together too.
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
You are more than free to Hubble my telescope any time you like.
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? ‘Cause you are F-I-Ne.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry would have caused some problems for you.
Are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
How do you feel about group experiments?
I’m attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun – with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared.
Baby, I’m like an oceanic plate on a gravity slide – I can’t wait to subduct beneath your crust!
If you were a concentration gradient I’d go down on you.
If you were a laser, you’d be set on stunning.
In my bed, it’s perpetual motion all night long
Like the ideal vacuum, you’re the only thing in my universe.
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
The direction fields of my heart all point to you
Top quark or bottom quark?
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
Your sine must be pi over 2 because I think you’re the 1.
You’re more special than relativity.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria.
We can make a mess as I’ve hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
If there is an infinite number of universes out there, than we are already together in at least 1.
There is so much energy flowing between us, it’s like we are a galvanic cell.
If you had to be any element, you would be Francium since it is the most attractive element there is.
You must be a 90 degree angle because to me you look just right.
Heisenberg was wrong. I’m certain about what you’re doing tonight.
Describing my love for you would be like trying to define a number by zero; you simply cannot define it.
You seem to be traveling at the speed of light because time always seems to stop when I look at you.
Even the Kelvin scale could not possibly measure how hot I think you are.
You must be phylum because you seem to be above class.
You must have 11 protons because you are sodium fine.
You must be hydrogen because I am really feeling like there is a bond here.
You must be from the cosmos because your body is heavenly.
You must have swallowed a magnet because I am so attracted to you right now.
You must be mitochondria because you are the powerhouse of my heart.
You must be made out of Barium and Beryllium because I think you are a BABE.
You must be vaporizing from a solid state because I think you are sublime.
Do you want to share some electrons? Maybe we could have a stable relationship.
Do you want to be my lab partner? I think we could have some great chemistry together.
You are the substrate to my enzyme.
Are you a rapid expansion of matter from a state of extremely high density and temperature, because you like look you’re ready for a big bang.
Are you made of copper and tellurium because you look really CUTE to me
I can’t help but think that we should try carbon dating.
I must have a positive charge and you must have a negative charge. That must be why there is so much attraction between us.
Why don’t we get together and create some conjugate pairs?
I am a chemist. Want to get together and see the reaction?
You are positive and I am negative. We should get together and make a compound.
Do you want to know why RNA is my favorite nucleic acid? It is because it has U in you.
You are like an electron and I am like a proton. And they say that opposites attract.
I get a charge just from bonding with you.
You must be a red blood cell because you take the oxygen out of my lungs and bring it right to my heart.
Are you sure we haven’t had a class together before? I could have sworn that we had chemistry together
I think that you just lost an electron because you are positively attractive.
You must be oxygen and neon because I think that you are the One for me.
You must be my appendix because this feeling in me wants to just take you out.
I think that you and I could keep each other in check like Uranium 235 and Uranium 238.
Instead of collecting data just by observation, I would like to be able to get a little more hands on with you.
You must be amylase because you are making my life so sweet right now.
I think that our relationship has as much possibility as a protoplanetary disc.
You must be an exothermic reaction because you are making me feel so hot.
You must be the square root of negative 1 because there is no way that you can be real.
Your refractive index must be more than 2.42 because your beauty shines brighter than any diamond in the world.
You must be vaporizing from a solid state because I think you are absolutely sublime.
You are so hot that you have a tendency to make my lab goggles get all foggy.
My love for you is as never ending as the digits of pi.
The two of us go perfectly together like hydrogen and oxygen.
Your hotness spreads everywhere like an exothermic reaction.
I don’t know why, but my instinct is telling me that we Argon get together.
I think that you are hotter than sulfur hydroxide that is mixed with ethyl acetate.
You must be a good benzene ring because you smell nice.
You are a charged atom and I have got my ion you.
